load_shed: update overload manager doc to add http_downstream_filter_check (#33795)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/configuration/operations/overload_manager/overload_manager.rst

      pressure, typically memory. This happens once geting data from the
      connection.

  * - envoy.load_shed_points.http_downstream_filter_check
    - Envoy will send local reply directly before creating an upstream request in

>       the router if Envoy is under pressure, typically memory. This check point

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      the router if Envoy is under resource pressure, typically memory. This change
```

Author: done.
